Issue #479 local UDFs now use the same dimension order as in backend (#488)
Open-EO/openeo-python-client: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Fixed dimension ordering in execute_local_udf to (t, bands, y, x). Previously, this was usually (t, bands, x, y).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enforce `XarrayDataCube` dimension order in `execute_local_udf()` to (t, bands, y, x) to improve UDF interoperability with existing back-end implementations.```
